Client:Mobicom
Domain:Telecom
Designation:Business Analyst

Project Details:
MOBICOM, is a telecommunication company which provide mobile network services to the customers.
According to Industry survey report , Mobicom is concerned about the market environment of rising churn rates and declining ARPU, and it will hit them harder than competitors as churn rate at Mobicom is relatively high.  .
Management team wants to focus on increasing minutes of usage(MOU), rate plan migration and building strategy among others.
The agenda of this case study is to find which factor affects churn rate.


Data Details:
The data given had 81 attributes of 66297 records, each describing overall usage of each customers,their demo graphic information and 
if they have unsubscribed their service or not as the churn column.

Techniques Used:
Descriptive Statistics.
Variable Profiling.
Logistic Regression.
Clustering.

Role:
Understanding the whole documentation of the business problem and acquiring knowledge about each attributes in the given dataset.
Derived variable to use correct parameter for Network and service quality and Whether customers are on optimal plan or not.
Cleaning data,Deleted all the columns where only 10% of information was given.
Outlier Treatment,Profiling of each variable to impute missing values where required.
Built logistic regression model using backward selection algorithm and validated it. 
Predicted churn rate for each customer.

Suggestion given to client:
1. Company should roll out family bundles for families with 7 unique subscribers. 
2. Asian Ethnicity People should be offered special plan as per their call requirement(Ex. include plans for international calls to certain country.)
3. Special plans should be launched for customers located in Northwest/Rocky Mountain area and South Florida Area.
4. It is very important for company to encourage users to use Internet services as it is major reason for customer migration.
5. Company should bring new plans and special offers for customers who makes retention calls at the earliest as per their requirement.
6. Customer with high overage revenue and higher churn rate should be targeted on priority.
